Added system audit reference docs (#2591)
elastic/observability-docs: docs/en/ingest-management/migrate-auditbeat-to-agent.asciidoc

| {fleet} {integrations-docs}/system[system] integration
| Collect login events for Windows through the {integrations-docs}/system#security[Security event log].

.2+| {auditbeat-ref}/auditbeat-dataset-system-package.html[System.package] dataset
   |{integrations-docs}/system_audit[System Audit] integration

>   a| This integration is a direct replacement of the System Package dataset. You can port rules and configuration to this integration. 
>    Starting in {stack} 8.7.
>    This integration currently schedules collection of information like:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  a| This integration is a direct replacement of the System Package dataset. Starting in {stack} 8.7, you can port rules and configuration settings to this integration. 
   This integration currently schedules collection of information such as:
```
Just a small rewording.
